Update Documentation (#7)
ministryofjustice/pttp-infrastructure: documentation/architecture.md

# Architecture

> This architecture acts as a forwarding mechanism, and never stores data in the AWS account for longer than needed (7 days).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This architecture acts as a forwarding proxy, and never stores data in the AWS account for longer than a configured period. (Currently 7 days).
```
